= ActsAsMailBalancer

ActsAsMailBalancer is a rails plugin that sends ActionMailer messages using different user accounts to enable you send huge number of messages per day.


= Why ActsAsMailBalancer

If you want to send huge number of mail messages (eg. 1000 message per day) using ActionMailer, your SMTP server may outbound sending limits.

For example, Google Apps for domain account limits sent messages to 500 per 24 hours period. One solution is to make multiple user accounts (Account_1, Account_2) and send 500 messages using each one to reach 1000 messages. http://www.google.com/support/a/bin/answer.py?answer=166852

Mail Balancer tracks every user account usages and keep balancing sent messages over them per day. You can use any number of user accounts to distribute ActionMailer messages.


= Installation

First,
  
  # generate migration to create mail_balancers table
  rails g mail_balancer
  rake db:migrate

Second, include your user accounts in vendor/plugins/acts_as_mail_balancer/config/mails.yml



= Features

* Configure ActionMailer to use different user accounts
* Add any number of user accounts
* Scaffold views to show you all user accounts statistics including usage count per day eg. http://localhost:3000/mail_balancers


= WARNINGS

* Don't forget to add admin authorization to mail_balancers_controller to prevent NON admin users from accessing this controller actions.
* If you are using Gmail SMTP and sending bulk of messages once at the same time, Google may mark your account as spam sender and don't send your messages. 


= COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2011 [Mahmoud Khaled], released under the MIT license
